docs: IPMI users (#71)
kinvolk/racker: docs/usage/after_provisioning.md

$ ipmi aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff raw 0x0 0x8 0x3 0x1f
```

> All subcommands that are not interactive like, for example, the serial console, can also run in batch mode for all servers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sub commands that are not interactive (example: the serial console) can also run in batch mode for all servers:
```

Author: Taken in a different form: _All sub commands that are non-interactive, i.e., almost everything except the serial console,_

```
$ ipmi --all user list | grep "$(cat /usr/share/oem/ipmi_user)" | uniq
# The output may be:
# 2   MYUSER           true    false      true       ADMINISTRATOR
```

The first number is the slot number which you should not use for the new user because it's safer to keep this user to have a fallback until the new user is fully set up.

Now, find a free slot for the new user:

```
$ ipmi --all user list | sort -n | uniq
# The output may be:
# ID  Name           Callin  Link Auth  IPMI Msg   Channel Priv Limit
# 1                    true    false      true       USER
# 2   MYUSER           true    false      true       ADMINISTRATOR
# 3                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 4                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 5                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 6                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 7   operator         true    false      false      OPERATOR
# 8                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 9                    true    false      false      NO ACCESS
# 10                   true    false      false      NO ACCESS
```

> The IDs where no name is given are free but you can also repurpose an unused account.

Reviewer: repurpose an unused account ?

Author: If there is an old and unused account, it can be overwritten

Reviewer: If the instructions in here can be converted as steps, it would be great. Though no issues if it can't.

Having instructions laid out as steps increase readability.

Author: Ok, done

Create the new user with the found free ID:

```
$ ipmi --all user set name NEWID MYUSER
$ ipmi --all user set password NEWID MYPASSWORD
$ ipmi --all user enable NEWID
# set the privilege to 4 which means ADMINISTRATOR
$ ipmi --all user priv NEWID 4
$ ipmi --all channel setaccess 1 NEWID callin=on ipmi=on link=off privilege=4
```

> This is also how you would create additional regular users (not for Racker), but with privilege `2` instead of `4`.

Reviewer: this is confusing 
```
but with privilege `2` instead of `4`.
```

Author: Updated to add the meanings
